ReadMe.md, before:

# Website made with Jquery

Basic webpage made with Jquery, a JavaScript Library.

#### Technologies: HTML, CSS, JS, Jquery.

Libraries used in this project:
   - Bootstrap.
   - Jquery.
   - Font Awesome.
   - MomentJS.

### Initial instructions considered to carry out this project:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qF_MTfSVonH7XoUCpH6o7sBSkM1gBS_q/view?usp=sharing

### Functionalities implemented in the project:

   - Dynamic title made with JS.
   - Slider made with Bootstrap.
   - Simple login done with LocalStorage.
   - Added modal with message of Login.
   - Added alert with Logout message.
   - Added accordion made with Bootstrap.
   - Added scroll to top.
   - Added Jumbotron in section "¿Quién Soy?".
   - Added watch made with Momentjs in section "Reloj".
   - Added interactive button to show watch in section "Reloj".

### Functionalities to do:

   - Theme changer (change colors and backgrounds of the web).
   - Contact section with form and validation.
   - Validations in forms.
   - Modify the final styles of the entire web.
   - Document pending code.
   - Add Responsive.

### Steps to install this project for first time: 

Clone the repository, and open the document landing.html in your browser:

```sh
1. $ git clone https://github.com/jmanuelbello30/Website-make-with-Jquery.git
2. cd Landing-with-Jquery
3. To frequently launch this project, open the landing.html document in your browser or refresh the page where you first opened the project.
```
---
- The code formatting structure of this proyect is according to [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)

Commit message:

Added Contact section with basic validation and basic styles

ReadMe.md, after:

# Website made with Jquery

Basic webpage made with Jquery, a JavaScript Library.

#### Technologies: HTML, CSS, JS, Jquery.

Libraries used in this project:
   - Bootstrap.
   - Jquery.
   - Font Awesome.
   - MomentJS.

### Initial instructions considered to carry out this project:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qF_MTfSVonH7XoUCpH6o7sBSkM1gBS_q/view?usp=sharing

### Functionalities implemented in the project:

   - Dynamic title made with JS.
   - Slider made with Bootstrap.
   - Simple login done with LocalStorage.
   - Added modal with message of Login.
   - Added alert with Logout message.
   - Added accordion made with Bootstrap.
   - Added scroll to top.
   - Added Jumbotron in section "¿Quién Soy?".
   - Added watch made with Momentjs in section "Reloj".
   - Added interactive button to show watch in section "Reloj".
   - Added Contact section with basic validation made with "jquery validation plugin": https://jqueryvalidation.org/documentation/.

### Functionalities to do:

   - Theme changer (change colors and backgrounds of the web).
   - Remaining validations.
   - Modify the final styles of the entire web.
   - Document pending code.
   - Add Responsive.

### Steps to install this project for first time: 

Clone the repository, and open the document landing.html in your browser:

```sh
1. $ git clone https://github.com/jmanuelbello30/Website-make-with-Jquery.git
2. cd Landing-with-Jquery
3. To frequently launch this project, open the landing.html document in your browser or refresh the page where you first opened the project.
```
---
- The code formatting structure of this proyect is according to [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
